Allow declutter with image render mode (#9179)
openlayers/openlayers: changelog/upgrade-notes.md

#### Backwards incompatible changes

> ##### Allow declutter in image render mode

Reviewer: This is only a behavioral change, not a breaking change.

Author: OK, I moved the text to the "other" section.

#### Other changes

##### Allow declutter in image render mode

> It is now possible to use `declutter: true` and `renderMode: 'image'` options of the vector tiles layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to configure vector tile layers with `declutter: true` and `renderMode: 'image'`. However, note that decluttering will be done per tile, resulting in labels and point symbols getting cut off at tile boundaries.
```
This limitation should also be added to the API docs.
